document how to pass payload from file, fixes #279 (#281)
fullstorydev/grpcurl: README.md

EOM
```

> Sometimes it might be necessary to read the payload from a file. This worked for some users:

Reviewer: "This worked for some users" -- this wording feels really non-committal. We can make it authoritative.
```suggestion
To use a file as the request payload, redirect the file to `grpcurl`'s stdin:
```

```shell

> grpcurl -d "$(cat my.json)" grpc.server.com:443 my.custom.server.Service/Method

Reviewer: I think the more straight-forward way, that doesn't require this particular feature in your shell, is to use the `@` value as the input, very much like the example above.
```suggestion
grpcurl -d @ grpc.server.com:443 my.custom.server.Service/Method < my.json
```
